I remember the person who beat you last time.
Or the international competition four years ago
His movements
It gives me a very familiar feeling.
Looks like the guy who beat me last time
If it weren't for me, you would have died
Thank you, thank you, but why are you here alone?
What about your parents?
Don't forget the grace of saving your life
I will repay you later.
That's him!
dignified
Karate, for real.
This year brings a passion for practice
Master is wronged
I really didn't expect it.
In a small facial features, there are actually crouching tigers, hidden dragons
A Woman
Let me lose 1 million
Then you
I would rather be away from home
And you are still meeting tonight
The master is him
Kobayashi, I'm sorry.
I came back late today, are you hungry?
I wasn't supposed to be back so late today
But the rope of my jade pendant broke again.
But I remember picking it up
Why is it missing again?
My rope is not as strong as your necklace.
It's okay, I'll look for it again tomorrow.
Sister, you work in a martial arts gym
If the people from Dongying Organization find out about us
It won't happen.
Only Liang Kai saw my face back then
Besides, working in a martial arts gym
Can make 500 bucks more than anywhere else
As long as you can cure your leg
Everything is worth it.
Sister, you didn't hit Black Spring again, did you?
How come?
Didn't dad say
We are absolutely not allowed to play black boxing
That would be fine.
elder sister
Promise me you'll never gamble again
OK
Shall we have chicken soup tonight?
I love everything my sister makes